_docs/return-to-amazonia.md, before:

---
title: Return of the Amazonians
date: 2017-11-25 17:13:53 -0500
author: Michael W
---
# The Myths, Tales, and Folklore

The Amazonians, are a simple tribe. Looking to the sky for the signs to tell them what to do. There is no doubts, no discussions, just following what is directed. 

Although to the Amazonians look to the skies for direction and even have guards on look out, to make sure no signs are missed day or night. An outsider might miss them. For you see in the Amazonian homeland there are no stars being studied, no planets, nothing of the such. So what might you ask are they studying; looking out for? 

## The Beginning

The Amazonia tribes are vast now. Scaling multitudes, yet only work with each other to make sure the 'task' is completed. Then they return to their respected tribes triumphantly. But this was not how they started out. And now only 3 Amazonians remain knowing the history of the the Amazonians...

## Beggars Can Not Be Choosers

Sneaking out of the library of knowledge, Alex made it with the censored data from the library, the data from the dig, and the info to hunt the authors down. As Alex, makes his way out down an alley to his secret hiding space. Someone calls out to him...
> Alex, where have you been! It is your turn to stand watch for the sign! They have been coming frequently! - yelled of of the Amazonians of old.
Alex shrugged...knowing this might happen he had everything hidden on him.<br>
"Okay I will be there in a flash!" - yelled Alex
Rushing to get to the post, Alex saw some of the 'fails' being taken to the other side. Trying not to notice or show sympathy as he passed, Alex knew the information he how this came about and where they were lead too.

Commit message:

added section the wise men.

_docs/return-to-amazonia.md, after:

---
title: Return of the Amazonians
date: 2017-11-25 17:13:53 -0500
author: Michael W
---
# The Myths, Tales, and Folklore

The Amazonians, are a simple tribe. Looking to the sky for the signs to tell them what to do. There is no doubts, no discussions, just following what is directed. 

Although to the Amazonians look to the skies for direction and even have guards on look out, to make sure no signs are missed day or night. An outsider might miss them. For you see in the Amazonian homeland there are no stars being studied, no planets, nothing of the such. So what might you ask are they studying; looking out for? 

## The Beginning

The Amazonia tribes are vast now. Scaling multitudes, yet only work with each other to make sure the 'task' is completed. Then they return to their respected tribes triumphantly. But this was not how they started out. And only 3 Amazonians remain knowing the history of the the Amazonians...other than Alex.

###  The Wise Men

Log v.1.0.0 
This data set context is in case of the demise of my wise men and myself. I never intended for the rule of Amazonia to be as it is. We thought simplification was best but possibly that was overly true here. The wise men have all done there own thing to hide in a certain utopia gone wrong. To protect them and myself though and contractually to work we were deleted out of every known database system in Amazonia. so technically we do not exist.         log out| The Author.

## Beggars Can Not Be Choosers

Sneaking out of the library of knowledge, Alex made it with the censored data from the library, the data from the dig, and the info to hunt the authors down. As Alex, makes his way out down an alley to his secret hiding space. Someone calls out to him...
> Alex, where have you been! It is your turn to stand watch for the sign! They have been coming frequently! - yelled of of the Amazonians of old.
Alex shrugged...knowing this might happen he had everything hidden on him.<br>
"Okay I will be there in a flash!" - yelled Alex
Rushing to get to the post, Alex saw some of the 'fails' being taken to the other side. Trying not to notice or show sympathy as he passed, Alex knew the information he how this came about and where they were lead too.
