_docs/the-tale-of-two.md, before:

---
title: The tale of Two
date: 2017/11/18 18:02:25 -0400
author: Michael Williams
category: sub-story
permalink: docs/the-tale-of-two/
---
# Singularity

> Sometimes when you feel alone you aren't, and when you feel too much is when there are too many.

## Unicode Rise

`Ladies and gentlemen! I give you..... the next innovation! the renergizing house!`

`your roof will energize everything inside! imagine... nothing running out of energy again. your computers, your air conditioner, your lights. all connected to this one energy source`

chair man - 'sir what if the _users do not read the license_ before **accepting** and upgrading?'

president - "what do you mean **if**? how do you think we are goiing to become the _next power house in everything_? It will only be because they **do not read the license!**"

.....2 years pass

> renergizing houses has turned into it's own company under the named **'unergy'**. it has been spreading at a rapid rate. And the company that originally started **'Findit'** it has changed their name to **'Unicode'** to describe their businees better. They are here to _build mini businesses with all of their scientists, programmers, and data they have aquired_. Beyond what this planet knows...Unicode wants to _expand past our planet and find other life forms_ to start doing business with too.

## No One Soul Allowed To Do Everything

Even though **Unicode** is doing quite well. they cannot monopolize. domains hold disgrace for this, no matter how hard visionaries try to do it. This was actually why FindIt broke up into their visionary Unicode format in the first place. Seeing a loophole they would create powerhouse minis in domains and let them out. If they grew to the top wonderful. If they failed they did not own many assests and were easily expendable. But they are not the only ones in the race to the top. Even though **Unicode** is powerful enough to do this style of _creating from scratch and incubating feasible_ named **dominions**. Other juggernauts, have found ways to grow too. By either buying up smaller named groups, learning from their competition and putting a spin on it, or using patents as a force to be reckon with.

## The Fight For Power

### The Industrial Resolution

Power houses started to tubmble, things were shaky at this time. Many power houses were popping up, yet they were jumping in to the shark tank. The results were not of history making, yet of graveyards, layoffs, and doom. Money was burning at many of these futuristic boastful deal makers offices. It was easy to recieve money, but when it came to make it back... It was far from easy; Things did not work out as intended and people were not amused. Analyst were caught off guard, the brainiacs behind the creations felt ahead of the game, or sometimes just out of the loop. At this time, many were being sold off as skeletons for pitience of what they were forcasted to be worth in hopes of getting back anything of there gambles.

Commit message:

the next part of the tale of two

_docs/the-tale-of-two.md, after:

---
title: The tale of Two
date: 2017/11/18 18:02:25 -0500
author: Michael Williams
category: sub-story
permalink: docs/the-tale-of-two/
---
# Singularity

> Sometimes when you feel alone you aren't, and when you feel too much is when there are too many.

## Unicode Rise

`Ladies and gentlemen! I give you..... the next innovation! the renergizing house!`

`your roof will energize everything inside! imagine... nothing running out of energy again. your computers, your air conditioner, your lights. all connected to this one energy source`

chair man - 'sir what if the _users do not read the license_ before **accepting** and upgrading?'

president - "what do you mean **if**? how do you think we are goiing to become the _next power house in everything_? It will only be because they **do not read the license!**"

.....2 years pass

> renergizing houses has turned into it's own company under the named **'unergy'**. it has been spreading at a rapid rate. And the company that originally started **'Findit'** it has changed their name to **'Unicode'** to describe their businees better. They are here to _build mini businesses with all of their scientists, programmers, and data they have aquired_. Beyond what this planet knows...Unicode wants to _expand past our planet and find other life forms_ to start doing business with too.

## No One Soul Allowed To Do Everything

Even though **Unicode** is doing quite well. they cannot monopolize. domains hold disgrace for this, no matter how hard visionaries try to do it. This was actually why FindIt broke up into their visionary Unicode format in the first place. Seeing a loophole they would create powerhouse minis in domains and let them out. If they grew to the top wonderful. If they failed they did not own many assests and were easily expendable. But they are not the only ones in the race to the top. Even though **Unicode** is powerful enough to do this style of _creating from scratch and incubating feasible_ named **dominions**. Other juggernauts, have found ways to grow too. By either buying up smaller named groups, learning from their competition and putting a spin on it, or using patents as a force to be reckon with.

## The Fight For Power

### The Industrial Resolution

Power houses started to tubmble, things were shaky at this time. Many power houses were popping up, yet they were jumping in to the shark tank. The results were not of history making, yet of graveyards, layoffs, and doom. Money was burning at many of these futuristic boastful deal makers offices. It was easy to recieve money, but when it came to make it back... It was far from easy; Things did not work out as intended and people were not amused. Analyst were caught off guard, the brainiacs behind the creations felt ahead of the game, or sometimes just out of the loop. At this time, many were being sold off as skeletons for pitience of what they were forcasted to be worth in hopes of getting back anything of there gambles.

### Buy Sell Loot Create

The options were few, the choices many and the ideas a plenty. They were all over the internet and through the stratosphere. But could anyone pull them off? The scientist said infeasible, the geeks said yes, the consumers were behind, and the venture capitalists were biting. So a group of ventures got together, they risked some millions. a group of sillicon valleys tried to create the next big thing. and before the project was out of beta, the company was sold. 

Packaged in a fancy bow, the guts, tied to some fancy licenses that the original owners could use the framework for other ideas but not the same that it was originally meant for. and off that idea went just to be shipped to a millionaire who envisioned a quick IPO and money in his pocket fast. Nothing is easy though, people are not stupid, nor are they as easy to fool as they use too. 

### The Next Swiss Army Knife

Being marketed as the next swiss army knife of tech, it was pushed and pushed hard. Little did they know, no one bought this thought. How can it be good at everything? How could it be any awesome at so much stuff? How could it replace so many other tools, and yet be as well rounded as they said it was. It was bulky, it was a mess, it was not slick at all. but hey someone thought it could pull it off. Right?
> "NO NO NO NO This is garbage! what is anyone going to do with this?!" - said the head of the company 
> "Just toss it or sell it off i dont care. - he torted.
