---
layout: post
title: The Origin
date: 2017-10-23 08:55:23 -0400
category: /main-story
---

# Star fleet V6.7.4

#### Data log
> We have entered the atomosphere of the dimension 2736 of pyconia floating around far and boo. Life forms have taken hold of this planet. they barter everything in the world to live and forgot who rescued them in the first place. pencil snaps ::crack!::

## The Task SPECIAL FORCES A3 psycho Bots

"We did not choose the name, we were given it. The deal is if anything goes wrong we can replace it with a more stronger and sophistiated piece.
BY a SINGLE being, with a SINGLE computer, and a SINGLE internet connection."

### The Brilliance

>"There is NO great GENIUS without some touch of MADNESS."- Aristotle  
>"We are the time travelers that time forgot about."

`::Radio Crackles on:: I am here to tell you a story through essays, shorts, and pieces. From many perspectives... they will all make sense in the end. This is a twisted tale... I am leaving names out or changing them. They are built and compiled by short stories, Essays, And short sections layered into a story. **AS I DO I WILL BE PUTTING THOGHTS AND IDEA POSTS IN TOO** but they are a sub plots to this story. its something different, something dark, something twisted, something you have to live. to understand or know someone who lives it with you. take care of them, they are magical beings... or they just might be the next.... ::Radio breaks up::`

### Greetings 

`Hello? who is there?` you ask, feeling uncomforrtable yet vaguely deja vu about what could happen next...
`"Who do you think is there?! God, a teddy bear?, your boyfriend?!! Fuck, Michelle you have still to learn!!"`

Michelle `Okay, Sean, Did you have to bust my chops? fucking Dick...`

Sean `You know I heard that...but i dont really care. since I do not care about anything.`

Michelle `I do not remember anything other than you Sean... is there something I should no you little perv?.. what the hell did you do? ::checking phone:: who are all these people in my phone contacts?`

Sean `Long story it will work out in the end. your my friend Michelle. Remember that and you will be fine. If you can trust anyone make sure you trust me. Also, if you doubt me. I was envious of  your guts for a brief period when you were younger. That is sercret one. Two, We know something aristotle said. It will make sense later. When the time comes everything will be reveled.`

Michelle `I was lost, I was confused, I felt like appeared in a new world..but I also new it soo well. Like I had been watching it behind someones head for a little while? That does not make sense. I am fucking nuts, I have always been Michelle.`
Michelle 
> Okay Sean, Well.. I am going to do some stuff then.. before it starts getting hectic around here. You know how what they say again... Things..yeah things get in the way easily.. :) 

Michelle 
`So I am here researching.. I feel fucking stupid.. or I had amnesia. I am basically learning life all over again. From the little things to the large. Fuck I have so many doubts and so much worry. So far I have found out about myself...`

`I am Michelle, I am about 25 years old, I am currently residing in in a democracy that censors things sometimes and scrubs data, but hides this from its people. Also, there are rulers among rulers among classes of people and everyone trades something for what they want as if they live in what is called an RPG according to video games................ Am I a character? What is my purpose? why am I here? What is my journey? I will have to check out what is running this place later.`

### links

the [paranoid](2017-10-23-paranoid.md) thoughts...

### next clips

