---
layout: post
title: Meaning...
date: 2017-10-25 14:15:08 -0400
author: M.W
---
# Think Of All The Days We Spent...

I follow the outline of your face..
cast aside as I graze back your hair.
I feel I missed out on many nights and oh so many more days.
Looking out from the house I used to live.
I could not pass the mark.
I could not free myself from the chains.
I did not know what they were.
I did not know how big of a hold they were on me.
Until I realized all we had was time.

## All We Have Is Time

Rearanging notebooks, that are made to keep you organized. To keep life simple and productive. Yet all they are used for are tiny reassurances...to comfort your lack of organization. Lack of the ability to focus, and to complete even the simplest tasks in life...There true goals are a security blanket...and they just lost their secuirty as you finally realized...they have lost their magic of comfort....time to find a new thing to pretend, it helps keep you in control of an uncontrollable life. 



## Ghosts in Suits

I could take the highs as much as the lows except.... Being a hostage in my own skin, and insecurities. I wanted to escape, I wanted to leave, I wanted to flee. I had no escape from my own worst enemy. Like a beast that kept growing larger, feeding on nightmares, fears, and dreams.  
Something intense shooting through the veins, from sleep deprivation, when you see ghosts on street corners and monsters walk with you to keep you company.

## Traveler in time

Diversions, the stereo, listening to rock on the radio.
a true diversion I trusted with my whole herat I could trust, and believed could hold me together. As I weavd in and out, speeding here and there maybe you know. Feeling in a daze, maybe just a haze. Driving for hours without any idea of a map in my brain. Until...time eventually transported me to another section of the strip. Asking casually another passerby. When asked where from or headed, the only thought was I was a drifter. With no recolection of how this began. Why it ended, or what quest I was on.

## Escape

floating, drifting in and out of conscious, hearing voices.
unable to move and feeling like im perpetually falling.
I see a door.
I grab the handle....squeezing it I twist and twist!
yanking as I keep falling. only to figure out after falling for quite some time, and getting angry. You have to push the door. Some dick who thought it might be funny put a [fake door](2017-10-25-fake-door.md) handle on the door.