_drafts/2016-10-23-i-can-do-anything.md, before:

---
title: The Tale of Tales...
date: 2017-11-18 17:59:07 -0500
author: M.W
---
# The Tale of Tales

Table of Contents


> They say if we look hard enough our souls can listen to the pain of others....

## The Theme Song

In a dusty, old town sat a young man tired from the battle he contended with. Looking at his watch, he knew the countdown was coming on now. Living the life of a hermit meant nothing to this gent. It suited him well, being alone on the opposite side of everything. A building built as if someone was preparing for a nuclear bomb to go off next door. There were many stories roaming the town about the building due to this and more. Graffiti covered sections with words "crazy", "Looney bin", "insane asylum", and so much more. Sometimes The man would spray paint artwork over it other times just leave it. To many in town this house was called unholy....the asylum...but nothing nice.

## Rules and Regulations

### Speak with Ears

As the young man looked at his watch he was good, so he headed into town. Meanwhile without his notice, some teenagers were on the far end of his property.
> What do you think do you think is in there jake? - asked Steve
> I'm not sure but I assume he has money to be so young and not have a job! - Jake retorted.
As the young man open the door, the two teens could hear him speak something they couldn't decipher. Then he pushed something on a wall, and touched the ground. Completely confused the boys were baffled now, at what the young man was doing.
> Is he completely crazy? - asked Steve
> Well, when we landed on shore they warned us about this guy. Don't you remember Steve? They said the guy on the other side of the island is a odd, eclectic. When we asked about interesting people on the island.
> Can't we just leave? We already robbed the other people worth it on the island.... I can't imagine this guy has anything worth of value Jake. - whispered Steve.

Commit message:

the end of the conversation for the chapter.

_drafts/2016-10-23-i-can-do-anything.md, after:

---
title: The Tale of Tales...
date: 2017-11-18 17:59:07 -0500
author: M.W
---
# The Tale of Tales

Table of Contents


> They say if we look hard enough our souls can listen to the pain of others....

## The Theme Song

In a dusty, old town sat a young man tired from the battle he contended with. Looking at his watch, he knew the countdown was coming on now. Living the life of a hermit meant nothing to this gent. It suited him well, being alone on the opposite side of everything. A building built as if someone was preparing for a nuclear bomb to go off next door. There were many stories roaming the town about the building due to this and more. Graffiti covered sections with words "crazy", "Looney bin", "insane asylum", and so much more. Sometimes The man would spray paint artwork over it other times just leave it. To many in town this house was called unholy....the asylum...but nothing nice.

## -- put the main title of this chapter

### Speak with Ears

As the young man looked at his watch he was good, so he headed into town. Meanwhile without his notice, some teenagers were on the far end of his property.
> What do you think do you think is in there jake? - asked Steve
> I'm not sure but I assume he has money to be so young and not have a job! - Jake retorted.
As the young man open the door, the two teens could hear him speak something they couldn't decipher. Then he pushed something on a wall, and touched the ground. Completely confused the boys were baffled now, at what the young man was doing.
> Is he completely crazy? - asked Steve
> Well, when we landed on shore they warned us about this guy. Don't you remember Steve? They said the guy on the other side of the island is a odd, eclectic. When we asked about interesting people on the island.
> Can't we just leave? We already robbed the other people worth it on the island.... I can't imagine this guy has anything worth of value Jake. - whispered Steve.
> **man**, _I want it all_! - snorted Jake
> But if we do not leave now, the next ferry off the island leaves in the morning!! - retorted Steve
> Well, I am sure we can find a place to hide in the woods tonight, or ask a person in town to stay the night. - Jake huffed back.
