---
layout: post
title: Memories
date: 2017-11-09 01:11:25 -0400
author: M.w
---
# Flash Backs

My sister was lost to me around the age of less than 11. It felt she was sent away. She left the family, to go to another state. She was an unbeliever. And I had no way to reach her after that. It was as if she was cut off from the family. As if I had _lost my sister_.

## No Direction

I hated school, I did not feel I belonged. I was restricted to specific groups of people. I was not suppose to >hang out with the people of the world.
 I felt like an outcast. I had few friends and I tried but I did not know what was the point. Since I was barred from this life. I had a small group that was in the so called _truth_. But they were shallow and insincere, I found out shortly after hitting around 17. I was sort of the black sheep of the group. I had a girlfriend which was frowned on. which played me. With another guy.
 And then I was outted for conduct that was wrong in the eyes of the witnesses. Two others were involved yet.... Everyone seemed to want to shelter them under their wings. and give me these looks and push me away like I was this horrible mastermind when it was the others who talked me into everything.

 ## Feeling A Fraud

While going through this. around 14 - 15 I was being pushed and pushed even though I did not want to go. My father would talk about how if I stayed in I could could stay around and live at home. otherwise...I would have to figure something else out.
This felt catastrophic. and uneasy. knowing what happened to my sister....who I hadnt seen in years. I felt hurt. Thinking that meant I was cut away from all family ties like her.
All my cousins, my other sister, my mother. everyone. I felt shattered and uncomfortable. I didnt know what to do.
I didnt want to lose the only people I knew all my life. I felt trapped. I felt unable to do what I wanted. I hated my life and I just went along with it. and was depressed and said fuck it to life for a number of years due to this.

## School 

I didnt care about school anymore. I had no reason now. I was trapped. I didnt see any point. I dropped out and started working. Trying to see if I could possibly afford something maybe to get out on my own and away....yet never happened.
I always blew my money... I always got caught up..I never understood what my issue was.

## revelation

after getting baker acted. then put on some medications. and fighting with everyone. and my father stopping going to the kingdom hall. was I free.. I got my GED. 
I started going to KEISER College. 
Which is another discussion of talks in my recovery.

I got on disability for bipolar and anxiety.

I feel I wasted my entire youth.
trying to be something I wasnt.
I feel uncomfortable going very far from home.
yet home is a prison.

first section of why I feel I need to open up. 