_drafts/2017-10-25-the-amazonians.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: The Amazonians
date: 2017-10-25 10:07:48 -0400
author: M.W
category: story
---
# Count Down

> ... We count down as we wait for the mighty selector moving through the sky.

## The Amazonians

Lost among technology, far away far away are the Amazonians. They are a resilient yet supersticous group. The Amazonians have never ventured outside of there territory nor believe it is safe too. Being delivered a quest by there god the click not wanting to anger it they live to please the click.

### Amazonian beginnings

Back long, long ago days now the Amazonians historians believe they started out in one small village. This sole village is where the Amazonians all came from. They believe life was simple back then because they did not have the advancements they created or what the mighty click was ready to reveal to them.
 
   

     
    
   



## The Mighty Controllers Who Control  

The Controllers, that control our fate come from a far land. Much further than our ever expanding galaxy. 
**Selectors** are born constantly, they are majestic, with grace and power. No matter how far back in the writings of old, Selectors have been in creation. We are at their very mercy yet at the same time

Commit message:

the amazonians beginning chapter complete and working on the amazonian archeological disaster chapter

_drafts/2017-10-25-the-amazonians.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: The Amazonians
date: 2017-10-25 10:07:48 -0400
author: M.W
category: story
---
# Count Down

> ... We count down as we wait for the mighty selector moving through the sky.

## The Amazonians

Lost among technology, far away far away are the Amazonians. They are a resilient yet supersticous group. The Amazonians have never ventured outside of there territory nor believe it is safe too. Being delivered a quest by there god the click not wanting to anger it they live to please the click. But this is not how it always was.....

### Amazonian beginnings

Back long, long ago days now the Amazonian historians believe they started out in one small village. This sole village is where the Amazonians all came from. They believe life was simple back then because they did not have the advancements they created or what the mighty click was ready to reveal to them.
As they started to find these archeological finds further in time. They started to also, dig into there history. These archeological digs, made it evident the Amazonians knew life existed outside of their realm even when they were a small village. They also, found out they were originally trading paper that was grouped together. The Amazonians never went into further hunt of what they traded...

### Archeological Meltdown

One 
 
   

     
    
   



## The Mighty Controllers Who Control  

The Controllers, that control our fate come from a far land. Much further than our ever expanding galaxy. 
**Selectors** are born constantly, they are majestic, with grace and power. No matter how far back in the writings of old, Selectors have been in creation. We are at their very mercy yet at the same time
