_drafts/rush-similar.md, before:

---
title: A rush of Similar
author: Michael Williams
date: 2017-12-22 21:29:23 -0500
permalink: docs/rush-similar
redirct_from: docs/similarity-1
---
# Divine Touchdowns

> Every small breath... is nothing but a miracle from an interior me casting a breath.

As my heart pounds harder I wake up in a sweat! Screaming, I almost jump out of my bed!
> What is going on in there? - yells the nurse
> We heard voices! who is here?! What is the commotion?! - the other children wanted to know
Unamused I shrugged it off, I am fine. I told them... just a nightmare; Please do not worry, I said. My lord I thought to myself, it was so real. I truly felt in the realm this time. I...I...chose. I decided to become a _similarity_..::gasp:: _no_, this can not be **reality**. That was in _my dreams_ though or was it? I had more questions now then answers. Fuck, oh..sorry where are my manners. I did not even introduce myself.

## introductions

My name is Justin, I am around 15 they estimate from all the tests they have done. I live in a medical facility for the... we will say special. I was left here when I was an infant, by someone no one knows to be raised and been having eerie dreams ever since. My doctors say it has something to do with my abandonment issues. I have it to do with my future, my past, and who I am.

The only thing that came with me was a bracelet, a special usb drive, and a fund to support me through out.. spending your entire life in a special hospital is not cheap, and dealing with psychiactric doctors is not either. Asking you about your dreams, your feelings, and what you think they mean. Then they contemplate and read out what you spoke on them and try to help you interpret them too.
Oh, thats right the dream.. where you came in...

## Interpretations Vs Accountability

### Highways & Truckstops

So, you do not say? You were involved in the same realm, before coming to me? Well then it must not be a coincidence, I do not believe in coincidences. _Please do not_ say you are here because you took the blood of a similarity? **You are**, are you? No wonder, I had another nightmare. shhhhh, is anyone around? No? good. Because there is a lot to go over then. This is only one of your many destinations to the _end of the line_ now.

### Attention::Attention

Well, I now know you met _Gor-gol_. He is not as nice nor as evil as he seems. I would never trust him though. He will appear many times on your journey, watch out for his 'Trades'. Because nothing is free, everything comes at a cost journeyman. Next, never forget a 'carry over today is worth much tomorrow'. This might not make sense now but it will in due time. Also, do not trust anyone from the Crym-nombylia. They seem quite honest, friendly, and out to help..but well you will understand if you choose otherwise.

### Why..Yes Why

So.. you never understood why did you? Well, it is quite simple honestly. You have to reach the end destination to understand though. That is not for a gatekeeper to explain. Especially the originator, I only keep origin gate open. that is my job. Sorry, you have to meet the destinatior to grasp. Just remember your part of the story now to and at the end you might become a gatekeepr too.
It is part of the gig.

Drinking mini-similarity, is not just rainbows and butterflies, it is like a beacon. your now one of the chosen. ::look around::.
I know _Gor-gol_ did not tell you what you were getting into. He never told me either. But hey that is part of the adventure. You will see after the light. But do not worry about it now. Just enjoy the fucking ride. 

## Farewells

So, I know you were not asking for this but you are entitled to some knowing. You can metamorphsis into a human right now... Be locked away for eternity in this asylum, never to be seen again, they will lock you in a special area ::grins ear to ear::
Hey I did not say it was a properable choice did I? I just said it was a choice, now didn't I? So what would you like.. to be locked away in one of the most gruesome asylums, never to be heard from again, having your visions recorded, given pills to have more?
Or would you like me to help you move to the next gateway?
I am not a choice maker I only give options in everything. You have free will here my new friend. Just remember you have a secret in you and they want it here, in this compound. They will do anything to get it...and your to live an excruicatingly longer than normal life. If here in extreme torment until they get what they want or they break you...

### Signals On A Wall

**RUN**..did you now hear me? I said fucking run.. down the hall, past the observatory, and through the door that says 'Experiemnts'. I will make a distraction for you, do not worry about that....
May you find your way in peace remember what I told you on your quest. _May you go in Tal-quar_. Now if you have made your choice, either lie in the bed next to me...or hide behind the door. I am about to set your trap or deversion.

[hide in bed](coward.md)
[hide behind door](run.md)

Commit message:

altering divine touchdowns from me choosing to be a similarity to the other person choosing to be a similarity.

_drafts/rush-similar.md, after:

---
title: A rush of Similar
author: Michael Williams
date: 2017-12-22 21:29:23 -0500
permalink: docs/rush-similar
redirct_from: docs/similarity-1
---
# Divine Touchdowns

> Every small breath... is nothing but a miracle from an interior me casting a breath.

As my heart pounds harder I wake up in a sweat! Screaming, I almost jump out of my bed!
> What is going on in there? - yells the nurse!
> We heard voices! who is here?! What is the commotion?! - the other children wanted to know.
Calmly I shrugged it off, I am fine. I told them... just a nightmare; Please do not worry, I said. My lord I thought to myself, it was so real. I truly felt in the realm this time. _we..we are getting closer_. Someone decided to become a _similarity_..::gasp:: _no_, this can not be **reality**. That was in _my dreams_ though or was it? I had more questions now then answers. Fuck, oh..sorry where are my manners. I did not even introduce myself, and yes I see you under my bed. Do not be alarmed. Just be **happy** no one else did!.

## introductions

My name is Justin, I am around 15 they estimate from all the tests they have done. I live in a medical facility for the... we will say special. I was left here when I was an infant, by someone no one knows to be raised and been having eerie dreams ever since. My doctors say it has something to do with my abandonment issues. I have it to do with my future, my past, and who I am.

The only thing that came with me was a bracelet, a special usb drive, and a fund to support me through out.. spending your entire life in a special hospital is not cheap, and dealing with psychiactric doctors is not either. Asking you about your dreams, your feelings, and what you think they mean. Then they contemplate and read out what you spoke on them and try to help you interpret them too.
Oh, thats right the dream.. where you came in...

## Interpretations Vs Accountability

### Highways & Truckstops

So, you do not say? You were involved in the same realm, before coming to me? Well then it must not be a coincidence, I do not believe in coincidences. _Please do not_ say you are here because you took the blood of a similarity? **You are**, are you? No wonder, I had another nightmare. shhhhh, is anyone around? No? good. Because there is a lot to go over then. This is only one of your many destinations to the _end of the line_ now.

### Attention::Attention

Well, I now know you met _Gor-gol_. He is not as nice nor as evil as he seems. I would never trust him though. He will appear many times on your journey, watch out for his 'Trades'. Because nothing is free, everything comes at a cost journeyman. Next, never forget a 'carry over today is worth much tomorrow'. This might not make sense now but it will in due time. Also, do not trust anyone from the Crym-nombylia. They seem quite honest, friendly, and out to help..but well you will understand if you choose otherwise.

### Why..Yes Why

So.. you never understood why did you? Well, it is quite simple honestly. You have to reach the end destination to understand though. That is not for a gatekeeper to explain. Especially the originator, I only keep the origin gate open. that is my job. Sorry, you have to meet the destinatior to grasp. Just remember your part of the story now to and at the end you might become a gatekeepr too. It is part of the gig.

Drinking mini-similarity, is not just rainbows and butterflies, it is like a beacon. your now one of the chosen. ::looks around::.
I know _Gor-gol_ did not tell you what you were getting into. He never told me either. But hey that is part of the adventure. You will see after the light. But do not worry about it now. Just enjoy the fucking ride...yadda..shh.. someone is coming!

I know you have questions, but this is not the place, this is the worst place honestly! This is the absolute worst landing zone for a mini similarity. Fuck, I wish you did not have such bad luck. You are in terribly grave danger, the only reason I stay here is too keep you stupid fucks from dying. So...I know you did not say it but _your welcome_.

## Tribettica

Right now we are in **Tribettica** which is not only _15 light years_ off your  course. But also not even in jurisdiction of alien races. These quote "people", thank the _moon neir fairy dune_ did not see you. Have been trying to contact outside life for the past 2000 years with primitive means. Failing repeatively, of course but they think they are getting closer. Not knowing they are actually just a tv show for one of the furthest outreaches. Those beings sends them there children's hand me downs and by the time they have reached the planet. Then learned to use... You got it 'Triple A Rating Tv' for them, as the folks here are a disater. The only building that is sealed from reception is this one. 

## Farewells

So, I know you were not asking for this but you are entitled to some knowing. You can metamorphsis into a human right now... Be locked away for eternity in this asylum, never to be seen again, they will lock you in a special area ::grins ear to ear::
Hey I did not say it was a properable choice did I? I just said it was a choice, now didn't I? So what would you like.. to be locked away in one of the most gruesome asylums, never to be heard from again, having your visions recorded, given pills to have more?
Or would you like me to help you move to the next gateway?
I am not a choice maker I only give options in everything. You have free will here my new friend. Just remember you have a secret in you and they want it here, in this compound. They will do anything to get it...and your to live an excruicatingly longer than normal life. If here in extreme torment until they get what they want or they break you...

### Signals On A Wall

**RUN**..did you now hear me? I said fucking run.. down the hall, past the observatory, and through the door that says 'Experiemnts'. I will make a distraction for you, do not worry about that....
May you find your way in peace remember what I told you on your quest. _May you go in Tal-quar_. Now if you have made your choice, either lie in the bed next to me...or hide behind the door. I am about to set your trap or deversion.

[hide in bed](coward.md)
[hide behind door](run.md)
