_drafts/simpleton.md, before:

---
title: Hammers and AeroPlanes
author: Michael Williams
date: 2017-12-21 13:47:51 -0500
category: tales-of-gods
---
# The Legends

> Choosing pieces, stars on the screen, lego pieces never going to be seen. We run on ties, platforms, and legendary icons from our day. These are the memories we form and sing about in a new age.

## Particles and Fairy Dust

What are you made of? This might come up someday, lots of answers are possible. Energy, protons, atoms, and the occassional fairy dust with mini me's powering larger me's running  larger me's. What you do not know of the self powering mini folk called 'mini similarities'?

## Mini Similarities

### Join The Realm

On the outside you have no idea someone is a mini similarity, they are just like you and me. This is further from the truth though, they are abstracts of nature I promise! These creatures look like you, they speak like you, and they bleed like you. But they are nothing like you. Mini similarities, are the most complex creatures in the chi-plex. Yet you have seen one, be amazed! You, yes mere human beings might be cross contaminated with a mini simlarity. You lucky spec of earth composte. Hey, I never said it truly was a bad thing....did I?

You now belong! Welcome, to being worth something more than just a meatbag. Or you know, another artifact for another alien race to dig up when your dead for an archalogical dig site.

Commit message:

end the second chapter under join the realm. next to start the discussion about the complexity.

_drafts/simpleton.md, after:

---
title: Hammers and AeroPlanes
author: Michael Williams
date: 2017-12-21 13:47:51 -0500
category: tales-of-gods
---
# The Legends

> Choosing pieces, stars on the screen, lego pieces never going to be seen. We run on ties, platforms, and legendary icons from our day. These are the memories we form and sing about in a new age.

## Particles and Fairy Dust

What are you made of? This might come up someday, lots of answers are possible. Energy, protons, atoms, and the occassional fairy dust with mini me's powering larger me's running  larger me's. What you do not know of the self powering mini folk called '_mini similarities_'?

## Join The Realm

On the outside you have no idea someone is a _mini similarity_, they are just like you and me. This is further from the truth though, they are abstracts of nature I promise! These creatures look like you, they speak like you, and they bleed like you. But they are nothing like you. Mini similarities, are the most complex creatures in the **chi-plex**. Yet you have seen one, be amazed! You, yes mere human beings might be cross contaminated with a mini simlarity. **You lucky spec of earth composte**. Hey, I never said it truly was a bad thing...._did I_?

You now belong! Welcome, to being _worth something_ more than just a meatbag. Or you know, another artifact for another alien race to dig up when your dead for an archalogical dig site. Hey you are now awesome to the **WHOLE** alien race even! Sad, human being do not know the complexity of the _galaxy_ let alone what place they have it compared to a mini similarity and everyone else in the galaxy do they... Ahh, I got it now.. no one has ever told you? **Damn** Sorry to rip the freaking _band-aid off_. Oh well, it can not undone, might as well enjoy, **cheers** to _unknown-beings_.
